Overview:
The goal of this clipboard handling stack is as follows:
- Use tmux buffers as the "master" clipboard storage.
- Synchronize to and from neovim registers.
- Synchronize to and from X11 clipboard.
- Synchronize across SSH sessions.

This synchronization is accomplished with a series of hooks.  Syncing from X11
is accomplished using a daemon that polls for changes.  Syncing across SSH uses
a daemon that listens on a UNIX socket for clipboard updates and SSH tunneling
of said socket.  The tunneling is set up with clipssh.sh

Utilities:
pushclip.sh - Accepts data on stdin, pushes to clipboards
getcopybuffer.sh - Outputs the tmux copy buffer corresponding to the given numeric argument.  0 is most recent buffer, 1 is second-most-recent, etc.
purge.sh - Purge all clipboard buffers, locally and via clipsync

Scripts run as hooks:
tmuxcopypush.sh - Run after a new tmux buffer has been copied.
vimyanksyncpull.sh - Called by vim when notified there might be a new buffer.  Exits with nonzero status if there is no recent tmux buffer.  Otherwise outputs the buffer contents.
vimyanksyncpush.sh - Called by vim when a yank is executed, and the contents of the yank are piped to stdin.  Loads it into a new tmux copy buffer and updates other vims.

Clipsyncd (syncing clipboard across ssh sessions):
clipssh.sh - Wrapper around 'ssh' that sets up the socket tunnels needed.
clipsyncd_main.sh - Main daemon for clipsyncd.  This script itself runs in the foreground.
clipsyncd_propagate.sh - When called, pushes current tmux clip buffer to all connected sessions.
clipsyncdpush.sh - Push clipboard data to one (given) clipsyncd socket.
start_clipsyncd.sh - Starts clipsyncd in background if not already running for this user.

xclip (syncing to gui):
pushtogui.sh - Pushes tmux clipboard to X via xclip.
xclipwatchd_main.sh - Daemon that periodically checks X clipboard for updates and syncs them with tmux.
start_xclipwatchd.sh - Starts xclipwatchd in the background.

Misc:
updatevims.sh - Sends SIGUSR1 to all running vims.
purge_local.sh - Purge local clipboard buffers.
vimhooks.vim - vimscript components
setup.sh - One-time setup script.

